---
title: "Data"
weight: 20
header_menu: true
---

**Download the data here**

The data is freely available for you to sort and slice however you like.  You can get either the original source data as a google sheet (which you can then download as an excel sheet), or just grab it as a .csv file.  

If you have a case we missed, or found any errors, [please use the contact form at the bottom of this page](#contact)

{{< extlink-button href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1elsbndPZiOYBa4d0Tj8mLjiodNNUgCWCyoUZJzE0gZY/edit?usp=sharing" text="Data Source" >}}
{{< extlink-button href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vRsWWugIo1pp0Xc1WmMmvawFzQslpUqlIMCjw3JhwOrW2sS6gOvXv3C_TV9eHAD46wjiaqzPNvLbRUT/pub?gid=1732993794&single=true&output=csv" text="As CSV" >}}

##### A note about who's included in the "religious affiliated" category.
It is not just full time employees or ordained staff. The Bureau of Labor Statistics says there are only approximately 60,000 paid pastors in the United States. But with unpaid pastors religious organizations say the real number is closer to 600,000. That is just under two tenths of one percent of the American population (.0018 of population, to be precise).


We include in our "religious affiliated" total people who are named in the media reports we catalogue as pastors, youth pastors, priests, brothers, nuns, missionaries, bishops, deacons, church officials, Sunday school teachers, teachers in religious schools, etc. We do not include people who are just listed as members of a church. 


##### For those who want per capita comparisons:

The transgender population of the United States has been estimated at anywhere from one half of one percent to two percent of the population, with some estimates as high as five percent of GenZ. Even though that is likely a substantial undercount of the transgender population (because many gender non conforming people live in the woodwork) we use the lower estimate, which would put the transgender population at 1,650,000, more than 2 1/2 times the size of the pastor population. 

##### Where does the data come from? 
I start the weekly research with the excellent {{<extlink
text="JoeMyGod blog" href="https://www.joemygod.com/">}}. JoeMyGod
tracks cases involving religious figures and politicians really well,
and provides solid links to the stories about the incidents and
arrests.  I add to those links those that I find through keyword
searches using various search engines, and, recently, using AI.  

Because the serious data recording isn't consistent in the first seven
weeks, the data on this site starts at Week 8, and it's my intention
to make sure we have at least a year of full data - which means the
series will run at least through week 60, assuming nothing happens to
prevent me from completing that task.  

It's important to note, as you review the data, that the media story collection model has some important limitations.

1. Web crawlers/spiders don't get to every website every day. Thus
reports can get delayed, throwing off the week in which an incident
appears in the TikTok reports - some incidents may get added into
totals for the week or so following occurence.

1. We can't be certain that Google's spiders get everywhere, so some
reports could, theoretically, be missed. 

1. Not all arrests or convictions result in news coverage, and there
is no central registry of cases. Those non-media reported cases will,
therefore, not be reflected in the data. 

1. It's assumed that many crimes go unreported. There's no data on
whether those unreported crimes skew in any particular direction. Some
commenters have assumed that churches cover up many incidents, but
these reports make no assumptions about that. 

1. One thing that throws gross numbers off slightly is that a single
incident will result in stories at various milestones. For example, a
Catholic Cardinal generated stories when arrested, when going to trial
and when found to be not competent to stand trial. I filter for that
except when the story is vital (such as the ones about the Catholic
cardinal) and will always try to correct the totals in the TikTok
reports.

1. Why are the numbers in the data set different from the TikTok you
just watched? Simple: I update as I receive and categorize
reports. The TikToks are one week slices, and the data has likely been
updated since the one you saw was recorded. And there's the effect
from the corrections above - if there are multiple stories about a
single perpetrator I'll filter that out of the TikTok totals, but the
website may count the individual twice (we're working on a fix for
that - a duplicate name filter - but it's not implemented yet.) 

I avoid cases that are just "materials" cases, involving
pictures/videos (those would, unfortunately, be far too many to
catalogue) - the cases on which I report relate to actual assaults on
children.  However, if the case involves someone making the materials
or if they're either obtaining them from or sending them to minors,
obviously the  individuals are also alleged to be committing a crime
directly involving a child, so they would be included. 

So here we are. The results from the first four months have right
wingers tossing around all sorts of accusations about "agendas" and
"cherry picking."  But the facts are these: I don't leave any cases
out or attempt to tweak the data. It is what it is - which is what has
them upset because it runs completely counter to their narrative. But
as Sgt. Joe Friday said, "Just the facts, Ma'am." 

So, dig into the data as you will. Let me know if you find anything
that surprises you. I'm greatly indebted to Caleb, another TikTok
user, who created the backend/database that provides the graphical
interface on the "Data" page.

Remember, though, that this is not my real job, nor is it
Caleb's. We're trying to make this accessible to all - but we both
work for a living, and this isn't what either of us do, nor are we
making a profit from this. 

##### THIS DATA IS UNITED STATES ONLY
And is valid for the period we're surveying
only. If it's an incident outside the USA or prior to mid February
2023, it's outside of our survey period and not part of our data. 
